Fix queue config link (#1512)
cap-js/docs: node.js/messaging.md

You have the following configuration options:

> - `queue`: An object containing the `name` property as the name of your queue, additional properties are described [here](https://hub.sap.com/api/SAPEventMeshDefaultManagementAPIs/path/putQueue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `queue`: An object containing the `name` property as the name of your queue, additional properties are described [in the SAP Business Accelerator Hub](https://hub.sap.com/api/SAPEventMeshDefaultManagementAPIs/path/putQueue).
```
